handle excluded policy breaks (#118)
GitGuardian/py-gitguardian: changelog.d/20241014_101918_mathias.millet_handle_excluded_policy_breaks.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Removed

- A bullet item for the Removed category.

-->
<!--
### Added

- A bullet item for the Added category.

-->

### Changed

> - Handles `is_excluded` and `exclude_reason` fields in `PolicyBreak`

Reviewer: Putting my communication hat on 😉:

```suggestion
- `PolicyBreak` now contains two new fields: `is_excluded` and `exclude_reason`.
```
